1806 - Update Nerd Notes (#1807)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/12-contribute-to-zarf/3-nerd-notes.md

- The OCI Registries used are both from [Docker](https://github.com/distribution/distribution)
- Currently, the Registry and Git servers _are not HA_, see [#375](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/issues/376) and [#376](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/issues/376) for discussion on this
- To avoid TLS issues, Zarf binds to `127.0.0.1:31999` on each node as a [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#type-nodeport) to allow all nodes to access the pod(s) in the cluster

> - Zarf utilizes a [mutating admission webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) called [`zarf-agent`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/tree/main/src/internal/agent) to modify the image property within the `PodSpec`. The purpose is to redirect it to Zarf's internally deployed seed registry instead of the the original registry (such as DockerHub, GCR, or Quay). Additionally, the webhook attaches the appropriate [ImagePullSecret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod) for the seed registry to the pod. This configuration allows the pod to successfully retrieve the image from the seed registry, even when operating in an air-gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zarf utilizes a [mutating admission webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) called the [`zarf-agent`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/tree/main/src/internal/agent) to modify the image property within the `PodSpec`. The purpose is to redirect it to Zarf's configured registry instead of the the original registry (such as DockerHub, GCR, or Quay). Additionally, the webhook attaches the appropriate [ImagePullSecret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod) for the seed registry to the pod. This configuration allows the pod to successfully retrieve the image from the seed registry, even when operating in an air-gapped environment.
```

Author: if I commit directly from the git UI would the commit be signed?
